My Favorite Food short Essay For Students
Every person has a favorite food and he never gets tired of eating it. I also have a favorite food and it is pizza. I admire and love its taste a lot.

Pizza is an Italian food but now it is popular worldwide and it is liked by people of every age group.It is so versatile that it can be served on any occasion.

There is nothing more delicious than a warm box of pizza. Those healthy tomatoes, cheese, mushrooms, pepperoni and herbs make it even tastier.

I can eat it at any time of my day as a snack or main meal.My favorite toppings on pizza are cheese and mushrooms. I specifically ask the waiter for a thin crust pizza and to add cheese on pizza because I like extra cheese on pizza so much.

I prefer cheese pizza because cheese is healthy for our body.I like its soft texture and puffiness. Most of the times, I also order chicken fajita pizza because it is very tasty.

Pizzas taste the best when they are crispy from sides and soft in the middle. It is my comfort food and no matter how sad I am, it always brings smile on my face. Just thinking about my favorite pizza gives me an irresistible hunger that cannot be filled unless I get my favorite food.

There are my kinds of pizzas including veggie pizza, cheese pizza, meat pizza, pineapple pizza and pepperoni pizza.It is the most loved food of all time and everyone loves to eat pizza.

It is very easy to make pizza at home too. A layer of dough is covered with sauce and different kinds of ingredients. It is then placed in oven and after some time, pizza is ready.

I even ask my mother to make pizza for me. She makes the best pizza in this world. Sometimes, she even bribes me with her delicious pizzas to get any work done from me.

We also organize pizza party at home on weekends. I also challenge my siblings that who can eat maximum number of pizza slices. In the end, I always win.

No matter, how much full my stomach is, I never say no when my favorite pizza is in front of me.As soon as I take first bite of pizza, all the flavors start to explode in my mouth and to be honest, there is no better feeling than this.

Sometimes, I also get scolded for having pizza all the time and my mom advice me not to eat pizza on daily basis because it can affect digestion.

When I think about the most delicious foods in this world, I always prefer pizza.When I am out with my friends to eat at restaurant, pizza is always my first choice.

My mouth begins watering the moment I see pizza in front of me. I always have my eyes and ears open for new pizza places I have yet to try.My love for pizza has no end and it will always be my favorite food.

Conclusion
The food  is in fact makes us to live in this world. The favorite food reflects our personal taste. Every food that is delicious to taste, is in fact the best food. It again, lies in the hands of cook.

 

P.s: This written essay serves the needs of Ukg clas 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10th level students, as favorite food essay sample, my favorite food essay in 100,150,200 & 500 words, my favorite food pizza, noodles, chicken biryai, rice, fish etc.
